Update 1.12 upgrade guide (#9325)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/03-upgrading-to-v1.12.md

## New and changed features and functionality

### `dbt login`

> In <Constant name="core" /> v1.12, [`dbt login`](/reference/commands/login) is used exclusively to enable [dbt State](/reference/commands/login#dbt-login-with-dbt-state) (a paid feature, though the dbt State client is open source). It opens a browser window prompting you to sign in to your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account or create a [standalone dbt State account](https://app.state.dbt.com). It automatically sets `manage_state: true` in [`~/.dbt/user_settings.yml`](/reference/global-configs/user-settings), enabling dbt State on every `dbt run` or `dbt build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In <Constant name="core" /> v1.12, [`dbt login`](/reference/commands/login) is used exclusively to enable [dbt State](/reference/commands/login#dbt-login-with-dbt-state) (a paid feature available to core or platform users). `dbt login` opens a browser window prompting you to sign in to your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account or create a [standalone dbt State account](https://app.state.dbt.com). It automatically sets `manage_state: true` in [`~/.dbt/user_settings.yml`](/reference/global-configs/user-settings), enabling dbt State on every `dbt run` or `dbt build`.
```

Author: Hey @graciegoheen , adding Fusion to the list:

```suggestion
In <Constant name="core" /> v1.12, [`dbt login`](/reference/commands/login) is used exclusively to enable [dbt State](/reference/commands/login#dbt-login-with-dbt-state) (a paid feature available to <Constant name="core" />, <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, and <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> users). `dbt login` opens a browser window prompting you to sign in to your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account or create a [standalone dbt State account](https://app.state.dbt.com). It automatically sets `manage_state: true` in [`~/.dbt/user_settings.yml`](/reference/global-configs/user-settings), enabling dbt State on every `dbt run` or `dbt build`.
```
